hi there I'm Mallory welcome to AC news
here's today's video clip movie news are
coming up
I'm sure this is gonna be all right
Robert it's kind of weird in someone's
house when you don't really know that
they are what's this watch it it's
really it's it's just come on Oh wheeler
yeah are you sure
let's go ahead you're looking here
Liam Neeson returns in a taken second
again as Brian Mills an ex agent who has
to prove his capabilities in order to
rescue his family in the first movie his
daughter was kidnapped in Paris to be
sold to reach a rabbit man this time of
the kidnappers want revenge and follow
Brian and his family to Instanbul
casting Maggie Grace as Kim
Brian's daughter and directed by Oliver
Megaton this action packed sequel comes
to theatres October 5th that's all for
today see you next time